User/jml/add pr template (#63)
NOAA-GFDL/MDTF-diagnostics: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

**Description**

> Include a summary of the change, and link the associated issue (if applicable)

Reviewer: Not sure how this is going to be different from the messages POD developers entered every time when committed changes. Maybe providing separate examples for newly submitted PODs and subsequent bug-fixing cases?

Author: The summary is ideally shorter than the entire list of commits. It could simply contain the scripts, files, and directories that were added/updated.

Reviewer: @jkrasting and @wrongkindofdoctor, May I suggest that testing this template with a latest PR? Then we can point the later developers to a template with specific examples.

> List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Reviewer: Library dependencies and variables (with frequencies, units, etc). Also, separate for new and continuing PODs.

> Fixes # (issue)  

Reviewer: Instead of Fixes, maybe "Major features?"

Author: The "Fixes" is meant like "this PR fixes issue #().  I'll reword the line since most of the PRs pertain to issues for new features.

**How Has This Been Tested?**

> Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes in enough detail that someone can reproduce them. Include any relevant details for your test configuration such as the compiler, operating system, and netcdf version. 

Reviewer: Agree! 

Also note that the POD developers should at least follow the walkthrough (see **Guidelines for testing your POD**) before submitting a pull request. So this template should be coordinated with that section.

**Checklist:**
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of the code
- [ ] All of my scripts are in the diagnostics/ subdirectory, and include a main_driver script
      template html, and settings.jsonc
- [ ] The main_driver script header has all of the information in the POD documentation,
      excluding the "More about this diagnostic" section
- [ ] The POD directory and html template have the same short name as my POD
- [ ] The html template has a 1-paragraph synopsis of the POD and links to the main documentation
- [ ] If applicable, I've added a .yml file to src/conda, and my environment builds with
      conda_env_setup.sh 
- [ ] I have commented the code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation in the POD's doc/ subdirectory
- [ ] I have created the directory input_data/obs_data/[pod short name] with all numerical digested data

> - [ ] Each digested data file is 3 MB or less

Reviewer: An important test is to ask the developers to move the data (digested and model) around and run their POD -- to make sure that they didn't hardwire the paths into their code. Another test is changing file/variable names. 

Beta-tested by someone who's not involved in the POD implementation.

**Description**
Include a summary of the change, and link the associated issue (if applicable).  
List any dependencies that are required for this change, including libraries and variables,  
and their metadata (units, frequencies, etc...). Be sure to separate PRs and issues for new PODs and PODs currently under development.

Associated issue # (replace this phrase and parentheses with the issue number)  

**How Has This Been Tested?**
Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes in enough detail that  
someone can reproduce them. Include any relevant details for your test configuration  
such as the Python version, package versions, expected POD wallclock time, and the   

> system(s) you ran your tests on (e.g. Gaea, Orion, Hera).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
operating system(s) you ran your tests on.
```

Reviewer 2: Most of our external developers do not have access to NOAA systems.
